Subject	Predicate	Object
polB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
recA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
recN	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
ssb	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
sulA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
uvrA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
uvrB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
dnaA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
nrdA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
nrdB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
sspA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
sspB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
deoA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
deoB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
deoC	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
dnaG	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
gmk	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
gyrA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
gyrB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
intZ	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
mcrB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
oraA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
pyrG	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
ompN	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
fliA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
fliZ	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
greA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
rho	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
rpoD	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
fusA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
infA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
rnpA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
rpmB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
rpmG	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
rpmG	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
rpmH	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
rpsG	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
rpsU	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
trmD	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yabO	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yagP	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
ychB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
ydiY	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yebE	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yebF	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yeeN	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yfgB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yfhN	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yfhO	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yghB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yhjG	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yibB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yibB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yjeS	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
ylaC	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
yleA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Norfloxacin
clpB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
clpP	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
clpX	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
dnaJ	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
dnaK	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
ftsJ	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
fxsA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
grpE	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
hflB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
hflX	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
hfq	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
hslO	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
hslR	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
hslS	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
hslT	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
hslU	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
hslV	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
htpG	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
htpX	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
htrA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
lon	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
miaA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
mopA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
mopB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
mutM	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
prlC	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
pspA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
pspB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
pspC	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
rpoD	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
rpoH	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
rpoS	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
ybbN	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
ybeY	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yccV	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
ycjF	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yhdN	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
ybbA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
ybjG	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
ybjX	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yccA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yceP	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
ycfS	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
ycjX	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yebE	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yfhB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yfiD	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
ygcF	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
ygiB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yhdM	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yhgI	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yhiI	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yjhP	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yjhQ	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yobA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yrbF	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yrbL	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yrdA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yrfG	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yrfH	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
yrfI	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
ytfK	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
fnr	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Kanamycin
apt	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
deaD	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
guaA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
guaB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
guaC	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
ndk	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
purD	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
purN	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
rpoB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
rpoD	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
rpsA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
rpsG	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
speA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
speD	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
srmB	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Rifampicin
acrF	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Ampicillin
bglF	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Ampicillin
fecA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Ampicillin
fepA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Ampicillin
fhiA	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Ampicillin
lldP	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Ampicillin
uhpT	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Ampicillin
yegO	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Ampicillin
yhcP	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Ampicillin
yhiV	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Ampicillin
yifK	upregulated by antibiotic after 30 mins	Ampicillin
