Subject	Predicate	Object
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
folB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tusD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bamE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dam	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycbK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gpmM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppiB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wbbL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lpxM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpxM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nudB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hscA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pstS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ibpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tatB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcW	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydgD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alaS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rppH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
acrE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
surA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fdx	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyfJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
emtA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjgA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsmH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gmhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fruB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rppH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ydcS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nfuA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wbbL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dinG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yneE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rfaH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hrpA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ychJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xapR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xapR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytjC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pnp	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dksA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
qmcA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nudB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
folB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
xapR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bluF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ibpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ftsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yciS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rimK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
elaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cydB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rfaH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjQ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rppH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pal	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydbD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dnaK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ibpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dam	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
plsX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfiH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dinG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hscB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gor	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rplA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
emtA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
elaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dam	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
qmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sucD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lpxM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
surA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pta	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pgaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebV	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hflK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pnp	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
