Subject	Predicate	Object	Resistance
deoC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
rpmG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
deoA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
uvrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
uvrB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
deoB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
rpoS	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	Yes
sspB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
sspA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
ylaC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
rlmN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
sulA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
yeeN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
purN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
apt	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
yhjG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
mcrB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
queG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
guaA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
yagP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
polB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
guaB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
dnaJ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	Yes
fepA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
guaC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
ndk	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
yghB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	Yes
uhpT	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
acrF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
fecA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
fhiA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
ydiY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
bglF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
yifK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
mltB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
yebE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
nuoM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	Yes
rcsF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	Yes
waaP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	Yes
waaQ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	Yes
yebF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
speA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
srmB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
speD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
cysB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No
nfuA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	Yes
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	Yes
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	Yes
purD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
ompN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	Yes
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	Yes
fliZ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
rpoD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
lpoB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
asmA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	Yes
ybgC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	No
lpd	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	Yes
lldP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
recC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
slt	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
fkpB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
atpH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
rnhA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	Yes
abpB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
ade	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	No
bepA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	Yes
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
dgcJ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
dgcZ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
fetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
fetA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	No
flgM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No
hscB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	Yes
hxpA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	No
kdpE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	No
ldtE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No
lon	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
lplA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
mltG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	No
ompR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
polA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
rhmD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
rpoB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
srkA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No
tpx	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	No
tpx	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
tufA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
tusB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
ubiG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
ybeD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
ydcY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
ydhQ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
yeeW	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No
betT	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No
bioP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No
cecR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
crfC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
decR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	No
dgcC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
dgcE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
dgcI	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
dgcP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	No
fsaB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
ghxQ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	No
gpmM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
hxpB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
ilvL	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No
lysO	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	No
marC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
marC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	No
mcbA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
mdtE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
mgsA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	No
nohB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
pdeD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
pdeL	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
pdeN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
pdxI	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
ralR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
rclC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	No
rpmE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
rpnB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
srlA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
tcyN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	No
tnaC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
tpr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
trpL	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
xisR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No
ydhW	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
ydhW	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	No
yjiQ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	No
ykgN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No
ykiB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No
ypdJ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
ypjB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
ypjM_3	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No
yqaC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	No
abpA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Apramycin	No
abpA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sisomicin	No
abpB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Apramycin	No
abpB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sisomicin	No
acrR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
asmA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	No
atpB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	Yes
atpD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	Yes
atpE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	Yes
atpF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	Yes
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	No
cadC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	No
cpoB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Apramycin	No
cpoB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sisomicin	No
crfC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Apramycin	No
crfC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sisomicin	No
cysB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	No
cysB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	No
cysB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
dam	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	No
dam	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	No
dgcJ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Apramycin	No
dgcJ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sisomicin	No
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	No
dnaK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	No
dpiA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	No
dpiA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	Yes
dpiA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	No
fis	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	No
fis	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	Yes
fis	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	Yes
fur	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	Yes
fur	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
fur	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	No
gadE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	No
gadE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
gadX	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
gadX	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	No
galR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
gpmM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin	No
hdfR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	No
hdfR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	No
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	No
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	Yes
insX	confers resistance to antibiotic	Apramycin	No
insX	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sisomicin	No
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	No
lpcA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	No
lrp	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	Yes
lrp	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
lrp	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	No
mlc	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	No
ppiB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	No
rbsK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	No
recN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	No
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin	Yes
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	No
rfaH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Levofloxacin	No
rob	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	No
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	No
rsmH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin	No
sdhE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Apramycin	No
sdhE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sisomicin	No
slyA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	No
tatB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	No
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	No
waaF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	Yes
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	Yes
pncA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Oxycarboxin	No
psuK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Oxycarboxin	No
psuK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide	No
pncA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide	No
envY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
atpC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	No
mnmA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	No
yncD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Oxycarboxin	No
yejG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide	No
yncD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide	No
ibpB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin	No
narL	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	No
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
