Subject	Predicate	Object
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
recA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rplA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
tatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
yfgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
acrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
pstS	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
recA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
recB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
dapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
dedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
qmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
recA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
recB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
tatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
tolC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
yciT	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
cydX	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
elfD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
recA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
recB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
rplA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
tatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
yciT	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
ygcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
ylcG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Ciprofloxacin
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Gentamicins
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin
acrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
bamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
dksA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
rpsU	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
tatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
tusD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjI	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
yfgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfI	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Sulfamethoxazole
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin
