Subject	Predicate	Object
arcB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
arcB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
arcB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
arcB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
arcA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
arcA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
atoS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
atoS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
atoC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
atoC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
cpxR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
cpxR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
cpxR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
cpxR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
cpxR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
cpxR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
cpxA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
cpxA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
cpxA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
cpxA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
cpxA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
cusR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
kdpF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
kdpF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
kdpA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
kdpA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
kdpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
kdpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
kdpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
kdpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
kdpD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
kdpD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
kdpE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
kdpE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
ntrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
ntrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
ntrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
ntrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
ntrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
ntrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
ntrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
ntrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
ntrC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
ntrC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
ntrC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
ntrC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
ntrC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
ntrC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
ntrC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
ntrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
ompR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
ompR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
ompR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
ompR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
ompR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
envZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
envZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
envZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
envZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
envZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
phoB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
phoB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
phoR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
phoR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
rstA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
rstB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
uvrY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
uvrY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
yojN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
yojN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
cbrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
luxS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
luxS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
luxS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
luxS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
luxS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
phoH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
phoH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
phn	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
phn	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
phn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Puromycin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tylosin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Geneticin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Paromomycin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Troleandomycin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Polymyxin B
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Dihydrostreptomycin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Amikacin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin B
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Kanamycin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Tobramycin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Novobiocin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Gentamicin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Neomycin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Capreomycin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefamandole
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cephalothin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Aztreonam
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Norfloxacin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxacillin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Trimethoprim
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Ofloxacin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Oxycarboxin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfadiazine
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfanilamide
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Sulfathiazole
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Cefoxitin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Spiramycin
rpoS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 36 hours	Hygromycin 
