Subject	Predicate	Object
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bamE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tolR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
envZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpxM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pal	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dnaK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hscA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hscB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tufA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aceE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fur	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ylcG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fepC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tatB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tonB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
elaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpmJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpsO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cydB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdx	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytjC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cydX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dam	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rfaH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
envZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dnaJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cydB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rseA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ruvA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
minC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
waaY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yceK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhdP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yneE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dnaK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pstC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpmF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nagA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ubiG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fur	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hdfR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
seqA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yceD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lpxM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppiB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tolR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yraI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pstA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pstS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rplI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpmG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cyaA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpe	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cspE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ylcG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebV	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
acrE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ompF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
sapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
secG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
hflK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rsmH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rpoN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rffA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ibpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
prfC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rpmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rpsO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
folB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
glnD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
gpmM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
nudB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rutA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yidD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
xseA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
gshB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cvpA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
pstA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
pstS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
waaP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
bamE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ycjG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yiaA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ftnA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tufB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rbn	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rppH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
acpT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
gmhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
gntK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
iscU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
leuO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
pdhR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yidP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybeD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
acrZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yjgA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppiD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycdZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
oxyR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phoP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csgG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpxM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pstA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pstS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaQ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tonB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dauA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dnaK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hscA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpmJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpsF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
amiA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dcd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpe	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ihfA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rseA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mlaA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yneE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybeY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ompF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
secG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prfC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gmhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsmH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
leuO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fepC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ibpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
folB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dnaK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rpmJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
pnp	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybeY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
sapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rpmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rpe	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
oxyR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
recC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
hrpA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ppiB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
mnmG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
tktA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rpoN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rseA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wbbL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydbD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fur	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
degP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dnaK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyfJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cpxA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppiB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pstA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tolR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hscA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpsO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsmH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sucD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fis	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fau	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpmF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yddK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pstS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cydB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ylcG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
elaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpmJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
folB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hipB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
leuO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rfaH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rseA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpmF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ylcG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tolR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trxA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trxB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gmhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpe	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rseA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybeY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uvrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csgG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lpxM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pal	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bamE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tonB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpmG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nagA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pnp	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cedA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rfaH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rssA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fepB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pstA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pstS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaQ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dnaK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
elaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpmJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpsO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cyaA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fabF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fur	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ecnB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
exbD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phoU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
plsX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppiB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
elfD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pcnB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybeD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yceD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ychJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjgA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
symE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fepC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
xerC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dacA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
mrcB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
emtA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
plsX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
hscA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rpmF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rlmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
fabF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
lpd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
zwf	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rpoN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ycbK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yfiH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybjJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ftnA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rpsO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
cydB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
pgaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ubiG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ygfZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
phoP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rlmH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
zapB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybeD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybeY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dam	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
gor	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yfgD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
flgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
qmcA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ycjG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tusA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ydgD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
glnD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
gpmM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
iscU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rutA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
sucD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
flhD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ihfA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rsmF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybaB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
cydX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
acrZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yceD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ycdZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
uvrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uvrC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uvrD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dinG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fis	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recQ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfgD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcuC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
minC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dauA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alaS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
amiA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iscU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsmH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygfZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fur	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rssA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjQ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cvpA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fepC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cydB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
seqA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygfS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ecnB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wbbL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ibpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aceF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdx	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydbD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymbA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xseB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cmk	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
elaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpmJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpsO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bluF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sucD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
treA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ubiG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trmL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yigB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flhD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
oxyR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dam	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csgG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fepB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gltI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ompF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
plsX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
proK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pstS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynhG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dnaJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fkpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nudB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pnp	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpiA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gcvA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
leuO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zwf	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjgA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
acrE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
lpxM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ompF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
nudB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rpoN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rsmF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
xseB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
fepC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rffA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
sapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
fkpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ibpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
prfC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
folB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
gntK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rsmH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ydjI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
leuO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yidD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yjgA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dinG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
gshB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ftsP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
cvpA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
fepB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
fruB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ppiB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
waaP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
bamE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
tolQ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
wbbL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dauA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ycjG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yhdP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yiaA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ymfA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yneE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rppH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ackA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
acpT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
glnD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
gmhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
gpmM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
nuoM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
pgaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
slyA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yidP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
acrZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
gshA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uvrD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dinB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ruvA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gshB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uvrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uvrC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gor	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lon	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
amiA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygfZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zwf	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fur	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rssA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebV	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dam	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfgD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppiB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hscA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gmhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nfuA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
oxyR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rseA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcW	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybdN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dinG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xseA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xseB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fis	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fau	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
minC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
envZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gltI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpxM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
plsX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pstS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tatB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tolR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pnp	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fabF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpiA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tktA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ylcG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ompF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
secG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hflK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsmH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpoN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ibpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prfC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nudB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xseB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gshB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pstS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rffA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bamE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpsO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
folB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glnD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gmhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iscU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
leuO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pdhR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybeD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acrZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjgA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pstS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ubiG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fabF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gmhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dnaK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alaS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rplI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpsF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsmH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fur	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tatB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tolR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fkpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hlpA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpmG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpsO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybeD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dacA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
mrcB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
qmcA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ydcS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ftnA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yceK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ydcX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rpmF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dcd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
hyfJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rssA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
acrZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ychJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yfiH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
flgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
hscA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rlmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tusA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
aceE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
aceF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
cydB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
lpd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
pgaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rpiA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ygfZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
phoP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rpoN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rsmF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybaB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
cydX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ycbK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yebV	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
emtA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
plsX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
cof	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
gpmM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pnp	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpe	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
minC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csgG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lpxM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gmhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pyrF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fur	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pstA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dnaK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hrpA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
plsX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pstS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tolR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpmJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pcnB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nagA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpiA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tktA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ade	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rfaH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
recC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
recG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
recN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
xseA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
xseB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
pgaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybjQ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
qmcA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
uvrD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
fis	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
acrE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rseA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
acrZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
gltI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybjJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rutA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
oxyR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ylcG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
zapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ychJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
bamB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
lpxM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
gpmM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ubiG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
seqA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
gmhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
tusD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
acrE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rfaH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ppiB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rpmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
cysB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rpoN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dcuC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rpmF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rpe	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
pstA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
mlaA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
hscA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rpmJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
tusC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rsmH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
pgaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
cedA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
flhD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rsmF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ylcG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybeY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yihL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rlmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
fdx	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ydjI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
cydX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
pstS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
qmcA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
bamE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yneE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dnaK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybeD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ycbK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpsF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gmhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
oxyR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rfaH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppiD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rfaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yceK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pnp	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cydB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pta	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tktA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ubiG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dam	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alaS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
elaD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
alaS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
aceF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
pgaC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dam	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
plsX	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
qmcA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybjJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ydcS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
hscA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ftnA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
fdx	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rsmF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybcW	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ymfT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ychJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dacA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
acrE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yceK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
hscB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rlmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
cof	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
gpmM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rpiA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ihfA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ydhT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dacA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dedD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
emtA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mrcB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpmF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlmE	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dapF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ylcG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfiH	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tatB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tolR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fkpB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hscA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hscB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydgD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atpG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ubiG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phoP	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcW	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rssA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acrZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycbK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yceD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yddK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebV	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dam	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xerC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfgD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gltI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pal	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tolQ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tonB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wbbL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpmJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cof	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iscS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iscU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpiA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sucD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bluF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygfZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjQ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ychJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjgA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recG	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recN	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uvrD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xseA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xseB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acrA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acrB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nlpC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tolC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltI	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygcO	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dksA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciT	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjQ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fis	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lpxL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjU	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcuC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lpp	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lpxD	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alaS	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rimK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rplA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgF	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciM	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
envZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
proL	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tatB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tatC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tusB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dnaK	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hscB	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fepC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acrZ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zapC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ychJ	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hfq	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ihfA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ruvC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hrpA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgC	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ruvA	confers resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pstS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tolC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Vancomycin
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pgaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tusD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rppH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xapR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
surA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Triclosan
ygcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ycjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dksA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rimK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rplA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
acrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yciT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
surA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tobramycin
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pgaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ftsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rppH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xapR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Tetracycline
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pgaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dksA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rimK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pstS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rplA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
qmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ftsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rppH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
surA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Streptomycin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yfgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ycjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rimK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
pstS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
acrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
tatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
acrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
xapR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Spectinomycin
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dksA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lpd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ftsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rppH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
surA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Sulfamethoxazole
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pgaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dksA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tusD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lpd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
qmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ftsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Rifampicin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
pstS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
acrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
xapR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cephradine
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lpd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rppH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
surA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Nitrofurantoin
ygcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ycjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rimK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
pstS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rplA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
acrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
recA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
surA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Neomycin
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pgaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dksA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tusD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
qmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ftsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
surA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Metronidazole
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pgaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dksA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rimK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rplA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
qmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ftsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
surA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Gentamicin
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pgaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tusD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ftsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rppH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Fusidic acid
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yfgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
pstS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
acrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
xapR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
surA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Cefoxitin
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pgaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dksA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rplA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tusD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lpd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
qmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rppH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Erythromycin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
pstS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rplA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tusD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Enoxacin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yfgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
acrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dksA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
recB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
nlpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
acrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yjjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ydcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Colistin
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pgaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gpmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pstS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
acrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tusD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ychJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ftsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rppH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lpxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hscB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Chloramphenicol
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
gltI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
acrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
mfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
recB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
pstS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
tusD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
acrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
recA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
tolC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
zapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
hfq	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
xapR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
acrZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
tatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Aztreonam
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lpp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fis	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hrpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lpxL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
envZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ruvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pstS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ihfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tusD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fepC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
proL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dnaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rppH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
typA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ruvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uvrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ampicillin
ynbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wrbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rbn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fhiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sucB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gloB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
codB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cnu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nuoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
baeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yigI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cbrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mmuM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gmm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fimA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wcaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bcsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yibG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
grxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eco	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rnk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
napA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
etk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
araE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rapZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yccJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
abrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
betT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
basS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wzxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tdcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
entE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpoZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pfkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
chbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yecN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
elfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aer	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
psuK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ddpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lsrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
chaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yzgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yibN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lsrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hypA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
leuL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yieH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fhuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
moaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rfe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rimP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kefC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gss	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hsdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yajL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tyrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rluB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
panD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
moaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ascF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pabB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
macA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
galK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
btuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
guaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ninE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cobU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yejA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pgaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mnmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yabI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cobS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
proY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ssuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
inaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tdcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
miaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nac	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fiu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
afuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rodZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hslU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fimB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yphH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bcsQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cirA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
emtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nupC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wbbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bamE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
artP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
citT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
scpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hybE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
relE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
chbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nirD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gluQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wzb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gcvP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hypC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sfmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ubiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yrfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
maeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yicG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dsdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nudI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mntH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yajC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
polB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yncI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phoP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xisE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
parC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
clcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hspQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yicO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yneL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cbeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mscK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
casD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yigF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fimH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ychE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
chiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kdpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
higA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
potG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tyrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cydB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rffM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
astC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cobT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
agaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tynA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pflA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
abgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
srlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sstT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dctA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yniD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ptsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kdgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pal	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
chbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fhuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cueR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ychF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
slyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
betI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yobF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yifK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ubiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ccmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rarA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
melR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cas3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ivbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fucU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
upp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
amiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fxsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dosC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
truC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fhuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nikE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wzc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mnmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
grxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gpmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ibaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
allC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ccmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
murQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rbsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ulaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uacT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nirC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lldP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
garD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frmR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
modB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yheO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yajI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yijE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
oppC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
efp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
melA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ggt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fucI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pepT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cydX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
srlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tnaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
qor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nudF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sodA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fre	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yacG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hokA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yheU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
baeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
entC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kdpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
panE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
garP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
slp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yniC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cbrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fecA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rbsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aegA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fumC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mpaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nepI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
znuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ttcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iscS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acs	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ttdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gmr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
erfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tauC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
feaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
asnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
torY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
epmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pck	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
diaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
potI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wzzE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gmd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aceB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rraB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
relB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cpdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gsiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
deoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xanQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
emrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
agp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hofN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ompL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pyrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
umpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
clpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tpr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yobD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sfmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fimG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
oppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kdpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pepN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wzxE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yibT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
apaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rem	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hpf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bglF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bamC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yigM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
creA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
entS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cheB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tonB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
blr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fucK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
treA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
chaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mlaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pnuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nemA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
stfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
srmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fdoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fadR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glyU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yceD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
proA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
elfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ubiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kch	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ucpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cytR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
clpS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
comR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tyrP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ysaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yohF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
azoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
proC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
allD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
speE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ansB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
livM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ptsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yicS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
torR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
symE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tmcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dgkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
allE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rtcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rbsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mmuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
puuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lsrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
oxyR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pfkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yibF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nohA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
potF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
curA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nuoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
creC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
abgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lsrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sxy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aceA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bglJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tdk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ogt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hybD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsxD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yceH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ecpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hrpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yncK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tatA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
endA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rayT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
menF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
araG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xylE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
amtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pncA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ompT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yneJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hemY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yraH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
torC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ulaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cpxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pepP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sdiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ptsI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
plaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nuoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
elaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fcl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ogrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hypB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hybG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yadK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nfrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypjM_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hemX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
raiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
smrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dctR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uxaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
otsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pstS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pdxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rbsK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hokE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hycD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yraR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yieL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rrrQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
leuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pinH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
psiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
allR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yphC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tusE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
btuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yecD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
insO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ompA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
msrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
agaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fecI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yneK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gcd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ampH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
idi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glpK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
btuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
none	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rbsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
priC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
crl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
satP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ssnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
menI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yieK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ompG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ccmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mtlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pliG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
artM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nikD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
artI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fdnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cmk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tap	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
oxc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hda	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cspI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fucA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
creD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mepH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aes	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
amiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ebgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pdxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gsiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
loiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
codA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
relA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcuS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
solA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
oppD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rssA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
allB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rmuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpe	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
seqA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hofQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dps	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
deoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ddpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
degP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
djlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yodD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
melB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
entA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kdgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
smpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ushA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frvX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
panZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hokC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gatR_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
moeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
maeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
queE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
vsr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
murP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fabR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ugpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fdnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uup	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yibH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
potH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nikR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gntX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
speG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ubiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yzcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pyrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ldhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
idnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yibL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
deoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
adiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gmhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mltC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gor	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alkA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cheW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
potC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mglB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fkpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lsrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gshB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ugpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
katE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ddpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
brnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
btuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uvrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
queD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mzrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pdxJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
msyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wcaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mqo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dinF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frwB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
greB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fimC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
manA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kbaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ychN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lpxM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yadG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
caiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dam	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dmlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dgcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ddpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ylbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
soxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
artQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fimE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tdcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zwf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tfaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mngR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tauD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kdpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tyrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
caiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hycF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bluR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fixB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hemE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
astD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ackA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
speA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fimZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iraM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yncE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
chiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dtpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yrdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
adiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nupX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frwC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yohK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
napC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nlpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kdpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lyxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ghrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yijF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rcnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lacY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yigZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
livJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
amn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mqsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
galM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nfo	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ltaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cheZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flu	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dsbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsxG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
efeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
scpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yccS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ligT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bdm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pinE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tdcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mnaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
afuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
htrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
miaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pntB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
agaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
menA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zraS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rnhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hycG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lon	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
feoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hmp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mutT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sbcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rcnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fumB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
manY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aaeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjbQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fruA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rluE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
viaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
citD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rffH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
carA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
astA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ahpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yadE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hdeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
msrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rarD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
talB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trpL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wza	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
intS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ssuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xdhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pyrI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aaeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
essD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ldcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pbpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mngA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ldcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
livG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
efeU_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
proP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mazF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ulaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mtlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aslA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
intD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ccmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ylbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhlE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
norV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yccM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dacD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
appY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rssB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fhlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ridA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tatE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
citG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kduD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nmpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
putA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wcaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yphF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yzfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
oppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
intQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pykA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trkG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
folM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tdcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nanE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pstC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ompF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sdaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yecF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
damX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ssuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glnP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
higB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ecnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hokD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ampC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hofC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prlF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
psuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pgaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mak	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
smf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
torT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
slyX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
chbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ysgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
caiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mhpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
putP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rcdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uvrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gudD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ychO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
udp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dppF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
epmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ttdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xylR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
feoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ptrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sbmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fdhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
udk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tusD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yohC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dmsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
garK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
apt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hcaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dosP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
galE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rbbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqeC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cfa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
basR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fadH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqeG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dmlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cobC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cutC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fdrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rimL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjdK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gudX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fsaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
modC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mscM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rplY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phoU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
exuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yceI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
queG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
guaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
moaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gudP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
manZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ibpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
osmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fic	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yieE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cynS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
agaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yncJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mcbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
abgT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mhpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hokB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uvrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
clpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gatZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rcsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
emrK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ompC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
deaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
add	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lepA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
serB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hemN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dipZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
evgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gcvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atoS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
menD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wbbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
marB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nupG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gfcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
modA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cusR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rmf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hycI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dgoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sfsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bax	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nth	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ampE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ompN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glnQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
potE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nudG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mcrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yphE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
marA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pgaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bglH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
queF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uhpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yncM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wbbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tolQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cydD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mnmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nudL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yecT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frwD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
djlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yffB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
citE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ftnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dgoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yifL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fecC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fruB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nemR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hscC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pyrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pncB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
agaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cyaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bioH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mazG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cbpM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
accD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
exuT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zupT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dld	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
soxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
elaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rdoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
casA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
clcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fabH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
elbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fruK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ddlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ychH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ccmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tnaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bfd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yecJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yejH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
exbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ptrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gshA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
asnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yceM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yicI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rfbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hupB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yigG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yccX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aaeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yceJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
proX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tiaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lpoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yrhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nuoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
avtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lexA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pgpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
napB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wbbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dmsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
priB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
galU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gsiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xerD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pheM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fdx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqjF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
citX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
menC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjgW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fepE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hofO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
intB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mlaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
abgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aaeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dnaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
puuP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nikA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
umuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
intF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yigE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
degQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
torI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
exoX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
casC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rihA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bioC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yccU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yajG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mprA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uspF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
idnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hcaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rfbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
agaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lldR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
araJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fixX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
araH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tsgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sodB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rob	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dsbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
galF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wcaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atpI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rluD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cmoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhoL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pbpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhbP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yibQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rplI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
folB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yigA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bfr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fumA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yheV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nanT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynbD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kefG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ung	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hslO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eptA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ulaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nikC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yifB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iscA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cyaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nuoF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pflD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
efeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gatY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uhpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
puuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hicA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ariR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
napF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tesB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pgi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yneE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ptsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dsbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sfmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kduI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lsrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rraA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpsT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lysR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
leuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
minC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fepD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
htrE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
psiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rng	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gadX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ttdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pldB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ansP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mglC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yliE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
emrY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hycA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zapB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yajR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mobA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hflK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
agaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kefF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ulaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
patD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yajO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sufE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ddpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yijD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cbtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fadB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
scpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ulaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpsO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
selD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sad	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hsdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nagZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ylaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
motA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pepQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
copA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uxuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fryC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xylG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ddlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ccmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hchA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sfsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yraK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
icdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gfcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
leuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
intR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sieB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
folP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rihC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
caiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
deoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
guaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
galP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
agaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nudB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pgl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
oppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
spy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ligB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mhpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
entH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
artJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dnaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
puuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sucC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zitB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
appB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bhsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uxuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nfrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wcaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
agaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xylA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
clpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glvG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
speF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
casB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pppA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nuoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dinB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yraJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
araF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ubiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nfuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yadS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
renD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rnlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nfi	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mscL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hpt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
betA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aphA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rho	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yphD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glmM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hydN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
chpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dmsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
allA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
elfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
truB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rzoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
potB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mlc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yejO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
astB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gnsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
modF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
barA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mtr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
speB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
btuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aceE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nlpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yicN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ttdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dmsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pabC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hcaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fepG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kilR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eptC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ugpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yojI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fucR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yadN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mcrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hycB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mltF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aqpZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rcsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yrdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frlC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rluC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dgoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mepM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bglX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pcnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
folX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fhuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rffG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgcX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iscU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ddpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yibA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wcaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
napH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yadD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ysdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fadJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rluA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
essQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xthA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yifE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
slyB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fecB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjfY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gatC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
torD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
caiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dinI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kdsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
slmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
osmY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
murR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rutF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yejL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tdcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kdgR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
panB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ccmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nuoM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
smg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
npr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tabA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aat	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nohB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yajD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tktA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nikB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
coaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dhaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gadW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pgm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fryB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csgE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aas	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pqqL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mocA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xylF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pyrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yejG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cynX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pflC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cpxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dsbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yicL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tgt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aslB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rbfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fadM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hycC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yraI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dinD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lacI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mog	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
moaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dsdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
stfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bssS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
srlB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
znuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yneG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ecpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bssR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kdsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mutY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wzyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dhaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
molR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
setB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ugpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cof	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mbhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cpsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sfmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
puuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nanK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cmoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yicR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ruvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ompX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnE_1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prkB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cyoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrdI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rtcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cyoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nuoK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
preA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yodC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fryA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rzpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
torZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
topB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bcsZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yejF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pgpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fsaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
envR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
leuB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
evgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ampG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yobH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
setA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tauB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dgoT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
idnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ribD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
qseB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rcsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cdaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
asr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ftsP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arnF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fabF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mngB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gnsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lpxT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ychQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iscX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yncH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hofM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dinG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pdxK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
livF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mlaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
plsX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
crr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yrbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glxR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mrr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rfbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gsiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mtn	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uxuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mhpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
secG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cheR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
clsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
galS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rfbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycdU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
racC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pykF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pbl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yifN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fimI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpsU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hns	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fimF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sdaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mug	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aceF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
matP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
speD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cpsG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ptsH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ylcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rppH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sugE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ecnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygdG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cdd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cusS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yecM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
panC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nuoC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wcaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fau	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rimM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yadV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycaL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yejE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dapF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kgtP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nlpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gntK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gph	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acpH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bdcR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iaaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
clsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhbX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
puuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lhr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pdxY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gcvR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hcaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mraZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
acnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cmtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
edd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
polA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ratA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cynR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
intA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cvpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yacH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cas1	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
priA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rnhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ascB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rdgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rnb	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
entF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
moeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ulaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hypE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cybC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
feaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
smtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ccmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgrR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lysA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pta	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
panF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yphB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fepB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gcvT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ahr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
entB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
preT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
groL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tus	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
livK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mrcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
focA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gsk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
borD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lysS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dppB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fixC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybdM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cusB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iraD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hybF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
actP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sbmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pinQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nanS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
galT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ihfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yieP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
emrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
adrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phoR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dkgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yccE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yicJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
perR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atoE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gabP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kbaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tsx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfhL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dnaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xerC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yccA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gatB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yohO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rnlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rffE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
garR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zapD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yheS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
amiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
apbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yigB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dauA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
appC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nuoJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thrL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdtE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gntP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
truD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uvrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mutL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
menB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rseA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
holE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yniB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lysP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
exbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ndh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ftnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yejB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cas2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xapR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rbsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yohJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yifO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mlaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dbpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
queA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mcbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dsrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yneF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nhoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mobB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
epmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pmrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
secB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bcp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhbO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trkH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ylaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rfaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yadI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fieF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hdfR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hupA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yraQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
serC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csgB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rnt	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpmG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arsC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tomB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sbcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lipA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tatD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uhpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
blc	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dgoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
qseC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rna	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ada	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dicC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uidA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ompW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
corA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
htpX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tehA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
norR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gcvH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fecR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ugd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hybB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ndk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
torA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ysaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glk	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
idnR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rrrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
envY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
garL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hdeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ansA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nuoN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
truA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
patA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lysU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycfK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yceG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xylH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flhC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
betB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
araC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nirB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygdB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
asnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycfJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cbrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pheA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glf	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rffD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
stpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
asmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yraN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
selB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yrhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pdhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yceO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yacL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dhaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppx	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rcsF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tnaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lolA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
creB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tqsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yecS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rzpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fklB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
torS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
idnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fadL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kefB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
emrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pheL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hslV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nagB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
php	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yajQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
treR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hofP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
surA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygfQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
potA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycfD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fhuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nuoI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rep	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydgK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nhaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nanC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rimO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
setC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gntR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trpE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ratB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydgJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
clpP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqjC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pmbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nagC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hcaR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sufB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mgrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iscR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
katG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mltA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rusA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yicH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gntU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
treF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjgX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iadA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yneH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
proK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
galR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gloA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cmtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
leuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gfcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rffA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mtfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lpcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mtgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rplK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yecE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cpdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
grxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lit	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sufC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cyoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lhgO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cusF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hypT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
treB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
emrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rhtB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gabT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
selA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
waaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
marR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rihB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nudJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lamB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sufA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yrbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zntA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rffC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fkpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
psuG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yacC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hsdS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fdnI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
guaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hslR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybgS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gpmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dcuR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glgP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ylbE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sspB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tolR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
holD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trg	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
etp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ssuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
chbG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mlaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjdA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fur	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
adhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nanM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nudC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sulA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
prfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygfZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ahpF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
helD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rzpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhaJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypjM_2	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gabD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ravA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pspD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rcsD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uidC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
smrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
adhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
osmF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cheY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yncD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjdL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybdR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pheP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gfcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
adiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycbZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
serA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yggF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
napG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sufS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
crcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
caiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfaU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yigL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
manX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hipB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
shiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygjK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yccT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjbR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ubiF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ves	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hypF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
epd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
queC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rutE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sapA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tolB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymdF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pnp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ebgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yejK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pcm	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
coaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mgtA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tktB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tesA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiiD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
deoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdoG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
syd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rtcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thiQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mrp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eaeH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
znuC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
clsB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aidB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nanA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arnT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dpiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
amiC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fdhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
motB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
moaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bcr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hycE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glvB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lpxP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mlrA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hemF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glnK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaiY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
icd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yciW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
intE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pdxH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lrhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arsR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yphG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
flgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yafK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
puuE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zraP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
greA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
metE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mtlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lpoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csrD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hofB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
srlR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mhpT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
atpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pitA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
holC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hypD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
argR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
feoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wbbJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ampD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pinR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
allS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
focB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ugpQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ytfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lplT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hisD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
intG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yncG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lldD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rnr	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rimJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
apaH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
paaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
luxS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bglA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dkgA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bcsE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqhD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eamA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
menE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yccF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sbcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybjL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
citF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yibI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hha	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygfI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymdE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frlD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pyrF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hdeD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymfA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydgH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lsrG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ibpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phoQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ychA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yedW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rzoD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ubiX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gltP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
osmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frvA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mpl	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
csgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sucD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yddK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
norW	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hybA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydfV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yniA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaaI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pstB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nudK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaeF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
macB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gutQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lar	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dtd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dhaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arnA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pgpC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trxA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bioD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
proB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
maa	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pflB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ebgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
radA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
pka	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hflX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykfH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fbaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybfN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
citC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mrcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ascG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynaK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glyS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydaG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
amyA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
speC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cyoB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nanR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nhaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydhU	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynbA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypjM_3	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygaV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ilvN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
napD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
djlA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rpmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfgI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bglG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gdhA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ileS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
poxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yecH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygjP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
slyD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfcD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fucP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dinJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cyoA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hycH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqcE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycdT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
kdpD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sixA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
livH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yaeQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cptB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjiH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dedA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hyfE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
grcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uxaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
thrC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fbp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sfmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
anmK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
iclR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycgG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hicB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glnB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
malG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycjX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hslJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sdhB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trmJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfgM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfhR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trpR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trmL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yoaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bluF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cra	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tehB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glcB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yijO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yebB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yidF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glcC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fliL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
alpA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yegQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
msrB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
treC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arnE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsmB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gapC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yihG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybaB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bioF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
potD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rlmH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
elaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xylB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
proQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mdh	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjbF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tfaS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhdZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dtpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjbH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
frdC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fdhE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hlyE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
eutN	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cynT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aspC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfbT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yghQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygjH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
htpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fucO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
narX	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arpB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ivy	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
osmE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nei	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gnd	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
leuO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
umuD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ulaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rdgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wcaF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynaE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjJ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yohD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gspA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
tig	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfjD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yiiE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ppiA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfdO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
caiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
umpG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yheT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhjG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yahI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aceK	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
wzzB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydeM	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phoH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ssuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhhH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sdaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
fhuA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
elfC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gldA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybiR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yagL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ompR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
aroL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhfS	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
uxaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
astE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
carB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cueO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjbI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
lomR	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsxB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
grxC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ymgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ycaD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
mnmA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rstA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yehD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ykgD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
appA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ynjB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeaQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
trmI	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
crp	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yhcH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
bioA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nudE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yjjV	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
glgC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
btuF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydcY	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
menH	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
casE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
zinT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ypeB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yqiB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
hybO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dacB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
otsA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
chaA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
cysG	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yfeZ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
rsmC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
arcA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yrdD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
nadC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yliF	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ygeP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ais	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
purL	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dacA	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
gntT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
xanP	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
recT	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ydjE	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
phnD	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
dusC	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
ybbB	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
sgcQ	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
yeeO	confers no resistance to antibiotic after 18 hours	Ciprofloxacin
